###ALL OF THESE ARE MY OWN THOUGHTS & OPINIONS(NO OFFENCE)###

The Purpose of this project is very simple, yet very meaningful in many ways.
I realized that this project may even has a chance to change the future of AI & Technology.
This can also be linked to many more industries like cybersecurity, generative AI, and healthcare.

We all absolutely agree on one thing, that AI of today's world is not perfect.
AI of today has many advantages, as well as disadvantage.

Advantages: With the use of AI, there are many advantages like
1. It is a source of knowledge.
2. It can make our work/assigments far easier & faster than manual work/assignments.
3. It can provide solutions and data from across the internet.

Disadvantages: On the other hand, there are many disadvantages.
1. AI automation is grabbing away jobs and industries of millions of people who survive only 
   with that work.
2. AI can be manipulated by giving wrong and impure data, even with a single error in its 
   code or ethics. This impure data can deceive the world world in any manner. As in these 
   day we can see that, children and adults are asking AI to  give solutions for their 
   healthcare, work, and even personal lives.
3. AI can be used for crimes and bad cases too. 
   For example; we can see deepfakes, AI editing, AI morphing, and many more...

My project, here, will provide solution to a safer future:
This is related to the pure and impure data (only: No.2 in Disadvantages ABOVE)...

The solution:::
1. We can verify the efficiency and validity of data generated and given by the AI from the 
   internet. 
   For example; trusted sourse of knowledge like Wikipedia.
2. We can easily find out what the problem is, and how it is occuring by carefully & perfectly 
   analyzing the data collected from AI.
3. We can also find the holes in the box where it needs to be fixed or created newly.
4. We can test the prototypes of the solutions to test whether it is perfect or not.
5. With each failure, we will get to know how, where, why exactly we must improve.
4. We can create a solution for this specific problem and also eliminate the risk and failure 
   of AI impure data.
5. We can also find out how we can stop this mistake from occuring i the future.

=> By implementing this process, we earn enourmous amount of knowledge and also a solution for a 
   better future.
=> With this way of solving a problem, I beleive we can constantly improve AI efficiency of data
   until we can be as efficient as possible.
